Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire

Bart ends up at a school for gifted children after cheating on an IQ test.

While Bart's class is touring the power plant on a field trip, Homer crashes a cart into a radioactive pipe. In the aftermath, the plant is forced to shut down and Homer loses his job.

After being embarrassed by the rest of the family at a company picnic, Homer becomes obsessed with improving their behavior towards each other.

After being beaten up by Nelson Muntz one too many times, Bart turns to Grampa for help, and soon leads a rebellion against the school bully.

A depressed Lisa's spirit is lifted when she meets a jazz-man, Bleeding Gums Murphy.

Jealous of Ned Flanders' new RV, Homer purchases one of his own, but the family's trip into the wilderness soon goes awry.

Bart gets more than he bargained for when he saws the head off a statue of the town's founder.

Marge contemplates an affair with a handsome bowling instructor.

After a photograph of Homer canoodling with an exotic dancer is distributed throughout Springfield, he finds himself kicked out of the house by Marge.

After another of Bart's pranks at school, Principal Skinner suggests he participate in a student exchange program. However, he is sent to France and forced to work all hours in a vineyard, with little chance of escape.

Homer witnesses a robbery at the Kwik-E-Mart, where the culprit is a man dressed like Bart's hero, Krusty the Clown. But there's more than meets the eye?

Homer and Marge enjoy a night out on the town, while the kids deal with a diabolical babysitter, with a surprising secret.


Mrs. Krabappel becomes fed up with Bart's lackadaisical approach to his studies. After he bluffs his way through a book report and fails a history exam, she gives him an ultimatum: shape up or repeat the fourth grade.

Homer lies on a medical insurance form in order to obtain a miracle hair restoring drug.

The Simpsons move into a cursed house, then are abducted by aliens, before Homer is ensconced in a tale by Edgar Allen Poe.

After the power plant experiences bad publicity and is threatened with closure, Mr. Burns decides to run for Governor in order to have power over the law.

Homer's heckling of the Springfield Isotopes baseball team during one of their games inadvertently leads to his appointment as the new team mascot.

In an attempt to show up Ned Flanders, Homer pits Bart against Ned's son, Todd, in a miniature golf competition.

On Thanksgiving, Bart gets into a fight with the family and runs away from home, before sharing a turkey dinner with a group of homeless people at a soup kitchen, and learning the true meaning of the holiday in the process.

After seeing a motorcycle daredevil at a monster truck show, Bart becomes a death-defying daredevil skateboarder.

Marge becomes a crusader against cartoon violence after watching The Itchy and Scratchy Show.

While skateboarding down the street, Bart is hit by a car driven by Mr. Burns. Homer turns down Mr. Burns' token offer of $100, and instead hires ambulance-chaser Lionel Hutz to bring an outrageous lawsuit against the millionaire.

After apparently consuming poison blowfish, Homer is told that he only has 24 hours to live.

Homer and Marge tell the story of how they met and fell in love in high school.

Homer gets a crooked cable guy to install free cable in the Simpson home, and as a result, Lisa faces an ethical crisis over her family's stealing.

After attending a co-worker's wedding, Selma begins to fear she will die alone. However, when Homer tries to set her up with Principal Skinner, he falls for Patty instead.

After Grampa is hospitalized, he reveals that Homer has a half-brother, and the family soon discovers the brother, named Herb, owns a car company. However Herb's hiring of Homer to design a new car may be his undoing.

After an uncontrollable Santa's Little Helper destroys several important Simpson possessions, Homer announces that he will be thrown out of the house unless he completes obedience training.

After Grampa's new girlfriend dies and leaves him $106,000 in her will, he tries to decide what to do with it.

After becoming trapped in a water slide, Homer decides to go on a diet, while Marge enrolls in an art class and is soon commissioned to paint a portrait of Mr. Burns.

Lisa has a crush on her substitute teacher, who seemingly represents everything that Homer is not. Meanwhile, Bart decides to run for class president, and becomes the overwhelming favorite.

Homer must decide which is more important: completing counseling to save his marriage or skipping out to catch a legendary catfish. Meanwhile, at home, Bart and Lisa take advantage of Grampa's ignorance of the house rules.

Bart, Milhouse and Martin each pitch in to buy an expensive comic book, which soon has a disastrous effect on their friendship.

Bart saves Mr. Burns's life. But Homer becomes enraged when Mr. Burns doesn't return the favor by sending the Simpsons what he considers to be an appropriate "thank you" gift.

Homer accidentally lands in a mental hospital and ends up sharing a room with a white man who thinks he is Michael Jackson.

Lisa enters a contest and wins a trip to Washington D.C. for the whole family. While there, she discovers corruption and decides to expose the corrupt official.

Ned Flanders opens a mall store catering to lefties. Homer, however, wishes Flanders would fail.

Bart stumbles upon the local mafia boss, and starts working for him on the side. When Principal Skinner goes missing after punishing Bart, he and Fat Tony's gang are suspected of killing him, but they try to get Bart to take the rap.

Homer is a hero after averting a nuclear meltdown that he nearly caused, but he doesn't want to tell anyone that he stopped it completely by accident.

When the Simpsons have Krusty the Clown over for dinner, he says grace in Hebrew, and recalls his difficult relationship with his father, a rabbi. Bart and Lisa try to reunite the two of them.

The Simpson family receives a severed monkey's paw which can grant wishes, Bart gains magical powers which he uses to turn Homer into a Jack-in-the-box, and Mr. Burns uses Homer's brain to create a robot.

After ruining Lisa's performance at the school talent show, Homer tries to make it up by buying her a pony.

After Homer fails a fathering test, he decides to help Bart build his Soap Box Derby racer. But Bart dumps Homer and their racer after Martin's far superior vehicle suddenly becomes available.

Moe claims that a drink that Homer invented is his own. After the drink makes the bar a local hot spot, Moe gains a number of fair-weather friends but loses Homer's friendship.

Burns decides to retire and sells the power plant to a German consortium for an exorbitant price. Homer's laziness and inefficiency are quickly exposed by his new bosses, and he is laid off.

As Marge goes to the doctor for a pregnancy test, Homer tells the children of the events leading up to his marriage, and Bart's birth.

After Bart receives a microphone which can transmit through radios, he decides to pull a series of pranks and eventually convinces the town that a boy has fallen down a well.

Homer uses Lisa (and her prognostic skills) to help him bet on football games.

While Marge spends a couple of days at Rancho Relaxo after she has a breakdown, Bart and Lisa stay with Patty and Selma, and Homer stays at home to take care of Maggie.

After Mrs. Krabappel gives Bart a month of detention, he gets his revenge by responding to her newspaper singles ad. Meanwhile, Marge suggests Homer to start a swear jar to stop him cursing.

Homer and his co-workers qualify for the plant softball team's league final, but Mr. Burns hires nine professional MLB players in order to win a $1 million bet.

The results of a standardized test steer Bart in the direction of law and order at Springfield Elementary School. However, Lisa becomes so depressed by her results that she turns to juvenile delinquency.

The Simpsons wind up regretting paying for an expensive surgery for Santa's Little Helper. He then runs away from home, winds up in the animal shelter, and is adopted by Mr. Burns to become an attack dog.

Homer becomes the manager of a beautiful young country singer and finds himself almost attracted to her, sparking Marge's jealousy.

Sideshow Bob gets out of jail and plots to take his revenge on Bart by marrying his Aunt Selma and killing her.

After Otto loses his job as school bus driver because he does not have a license, Bart convinces Homer and Marge to let Otto stay with them until he gets back on his feet.

Milhouse falls in love with Samantha, a new transfer student, and Bart becomes jealous of all the time they are spending together. Meanwhile, Homer orders a subliminal weight loss tape, but is given a vocabulary builder by mistake.

After Homer "wins" a $2000 settlement with the plant for radiation affecting his sperm count, his brother Herb comes to Springfield with an idea that could help him get his fortune back.

Bart and Lisa go off for the summer to Krusty's camp for kids, but instead of meeting Krusty they meet his bean-counting surrogate, Mr. Black. With their children gone, Homer and Marge enjoy a romantic summer, but Bart and Lisa are put to work making crummy merchandise, until Krusty returns and sets things right-by taking the kids to Tijuana.

Marge wins the lead in a musical production of "A Streetcar Named Desire", in which Ned Flanders plays Stanley Kowalski. Marge is infuriated by Homer's brutishness and insensitivity during preproduction, until he sees the play and reveals to Marge that he has grasped its meaning. While rehearsing, Marge sticks Maggie in the Ayn Rand Day Care Center, where her pacifier is immediately taken from her, and a la "The Great Escape", she must struggle to win it back.

After skipping church one week, Homer decides that he is never going back. However, when a calamity occurs, it takes the combined efforts of a number of people from different faiths to save him.

Lisa enters the Little Miss Springfield pageant.

An evil Krusty the Clown doll makes life hell for the Simpsons, Marge is captured by a giant ape who falls in love with her, and Bart inadvertently raises the dead.

Pulling one prank too many costs Bart the opportunity to see the Itchy and Scratchy Movie.

Marge takes a job at the nuclear plant to help pay for the house's foundation repair, and Mr. Burns is smitten by her.

Bart finds himself attracted to his new 15-year-old neighbor, Laura. Meanwhile, Homer sues an All-You-Can-Eat buffet.

Homer buys a truck with an attached snow plow after he destroys his car, and to pay for it, he starts a snow shoveling business, calling himself Mr. Plow. It all goes off without a hitch, until he finds himself in competition with The Plow King, a.k.a. Barney Gumbel. Now begins the winter of discontent.

While trying to coax Maggie into saying her first word, Homer and Marge talk about how Lisa spoke hers.

Years of poor eating habits catch up with Homer when he suffers a massive heart attack. The family can't afford the triple bypass operation he needs from Dr. Hibbert, so they go to a discount quack named Nick Riviera.

After receiving a considerable donation of money, the people of Springfield decide what to spend it on. Enter Lyle Langley, a jocular salesman who gets Springfield hooked on a monorail system. After the monorail is up and running, and with Homer as the conductor, it's time for the maiden voyage. Little do the people know they have just boarded a one-way train to Hell.

Selma starts to feel broody, but after taking Bart and Lisa to Duff Gardens, she changes her mind.

After Homer forgets to pick up Bart from soccer practice, Bart joins a mentor program called Big Brothers presenting himself as an orphan, and is assigned a big brother called Tom. When Homer finds out, he joins the program too as a big brother.

Feeling sorry for Ralph, Lisa sends him a Valentine card. Having developed a crush on her, Ralph invites Lisa to go see the Krusty the Clown show. She accepts but after Krusty asks them if they are boyfriend and girlfriend, Lisa lets Ralph know that she just wants them to be friends.

After Homer is arrested for DUI, and loses his driver's license, he is put to the ultimate test when Marge pressures him to give up beer for a month.

Homer becomes union leader and leads a company strike when Mr. Burns takes away the company dental plan.

Homer plays a series of (childish) practical jokes on Bart. To get even, Bart uses a paint mixer at a local hardware store to shake up a can of Homer's beer. Homer opens the can, resulting in a huge explosion that seriously injures the Simpsons patriarch.

Homer goes back to school after it is revealed that he never graduated. Meanwhile, Bart and Lisa ghostwrite for Itchy & Scratchy using Abe's name.

Marge attempts to home school Bart after he is expelled from Springfield Elementary. Meanwhile, Lisa protests a barbaric local holiday centered around clubbing snakes to death.

A misunderstanding leads to Marge being imprisoned for shoplifting. In her absence, the family, and eventually, the town itself, descend into chaos.

A massive advertising blitz announces the arrival of something named "Gabbo". Eventually, Gabbo is revealed to be a Howdy Doody-esque dummy, whose sensational success causes Krusty the Clown's show to be canceled.

After the kids find a record with Homer's picture on it, he recalls the story of how he achieved fame in the 1980s with his barbershop quartet, The Be Sharps.

After being released from prison on parole, Sideshow Bob plots to murder Bart.

When a surprise inspection of the nuclear power plant reveals that Homer is not qualified to do his job, he is forced to go to college.

Mr. Burns goes on a desperate quest to recover his cherished childhood toy Bobo, a bear which is now in Maggie's possession.

Homer sells his soul to the Devil for a donut, Bart contends with a gremlin on the side of the school bus which only he can see, and the family discovers that Mr. Burns is a vampire.

A girls' night out turns into a high speed chase when Marge learns her friend is driving a stolen car.

Brad Goodman, a self-help guru, comes to Springfield and identifies Bart as a role model for personal happiness because he is in touch with his inner child. Soon, the entire town begins to behave like him.

After joining the Junior Campers while on a sugar high, Bart reluctantly invites Homer to accompany him on the group's annual father-son rafting trip, which soon goes awry.

Homer's marriage is in trouble when he develops an attraction to a new co-worker.

In order to revitalize its economy, Springfield decides to legalize gambling. As a consequence, Marge becomes addicted to using slot machines, while Mr. Burns develops a Howard Hughes complex.

An outbreak of burglaries inspires Homer to lead a vigilante group.

Bart becomes an overnight sensation as the "I didn't do it" boy on Krusty the Clown's show.

When Homer becomes ill after eating contaminated food bought at the Kwik-E-Mart, Apu is fired from his job.

Lisa leads a protest against a talking doll which she believes is sexist.

In an effort to increase the dismal television ratings for their space launches, NASA decides to send an ordinary man into space, and Homer is chosen for the task.

After Ned Flanders invites Homer to a major football game, the pair become friends. However, Homer's possessiveness and loutish behaviour slowly turns Ned against him.

Bart wins an elephant in a radio contest.

After a near-death experience, Mr. Burns realizes he has no legal heir and holds auditions to find one. Bart is eventually chosen, and Mr. Burns plots to turn him against the rest of the Simpson family.

Bart takes Santa's little helper to school with him on inspection day and gets Skinner fired, Bart is pleased until Ned Flanders is made his replacement. Bart sets out to find Skinner and get him reinstated.

After playing truant from school, Bart witnesses the alleged assault of a waiter by Mayor Quimby's nephew, Freddy. However, if he comes forward, he will have to admit he skipped class, and face the consequences.

Grampa falls in love with Marge's mother, but must compete with Mr. Burns for her heart.

Homer begins teaching a class on how to have a successful marriage, but jeopardizes his own marriage by revealing secrets about himself and Marge.

On Disc 

Lisa is jealous when a new girl in class is smarter than she is. Meanwhile, Homer obtains a massive amount of sugar.

The family recalls past tales of lost love.

A family vacation to Itchy & Scratchy Land turns disastrous when the robots malfunction and turn on the tourists.

Sideshow Bob is released from prison and runs for Mayor of Springfield. When he wins the election, Bart and Lisa suspect foul play and are determined to expose Bob's corruption.

The family's job at Mr. Burns' country estate goes awry when Homer goes mad. Meanwhile, Homer's attempt to repair a toaster results in inadvertent time travel, and Bart and Lisa face becoming dinner when the school staff turn cannibalistic.

Bart falls for Reverend Lovejoy's daughter and is surprised when she becomes a bad influence on him.

Homer gives all his attention to Bart because he is the star of his hockey team, which makes Lisa jealous. But when a rival team discovers that she is an excellent goalie, Bart suddenly has a rival for Homer's attention.

After a series of misunderstandings, Homer is labeled a pervert. He soon finds himself ostracized by everyone in town, and must try to clear his name.

Homer and Abe hit the road to sell Abe's miraculous aphrodisiac.

Marge goes into therapy to cure her of her traumatizing fear of flying.

Homer becomes a member of a mysterious organization called the Stonecutters and is heralded as "the chosen one".

Homer recounts the story of Maggie's birth when the kids ask why there are no photos of her in the family album.

Bart discovers a comet that is on a collision course with Springfield.

Homer becomes a Krusty the Clown stand-in, but is mistaken for the real Krusty by the Springfield mafia.

After he makes a collect call to Australia and refuses to pay for it, Bart sparks an international incident, with the Simpsons forced to travel to the country in order to repair political relations.

Desperate for money, Homer takes a loan from Patty and Selma. Meanwhile, Bart discovers a natural talent for ballet.

Mr. Burns hosts a film festival in Springfield to improve his image. Film critic Jay Sherman, of "The Critic" is invited, and stays with the Simpsons.

A fortune teller gives Lisa a look at her wedding in the year 2010.

Santa's Little Helper's new mate has puppies, and Mr. Burns schemes to steal them and make them into a coat.

Marge fills in for Mrs. Krabappel during a teachers' strike.

When Bart is hospitalized, Lisa runs into her hero, Bleeding Gums Murphy, who is also a patient. However, when he dies soon after, she is devastated.

Marge deals with corruption and crime when she joins the Springfield police force.

When a group of Shelbyville kids steal Springfield's sacred lemon tree, Bart and his friends venture there to get the tree back.

After Mr. Burns steals oil from Springfield Elementary, an unknown person, seemingly in retaliation, shoots him.

As Mr. Burns lies in intensive care, Chief Wiggum - with some help from Lisa - tries to find out who shot him.

Milhouse is cast as Radioactive Man's sidekick in a Hollywood production of the comic book.

Marge and Homer lose custody of the kids, who are sent to live at the Flanders' house.

When Rev. Lovejoy disciplines Bart for a prank he pulled in church - he tricked the organist into playing Iron Butterfly's ""In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" - he and co-conspirator Milhouse begin arguing over whether man really has a soul. Bart scoffs at the notion and agrees to "sell" his soul (a piece of paper with the words "Bart Simpson's Soul") to Milhouse for $5. A series of situations makes Bart realize maybe he really did sell his soul, prompting him to go all-out to get it back from Milhouse, who isn't willing to sell. Meanwhile, Moe attempts to open a family-style ...

A trip to a local petting zoo convinces Lisa to give up meat, despite excessive pressure to convince her not to do so.

A freak lightning storm causes giant advertising mascots to come to life, Groundskeeper Willie dies and swears revenge on the kids in their dreams, and Homer accidentally finds himself trapped in another dimension.

Determined to avoid a work exercise program, Homer intentionally gains weight in order to qualify for disability and work from home. However, he soon realizes that being morbidly obese comes with its own problems.

After faking his own death, Homer meets a woman in the cemetery who turns out to be his mother. While he is shocked by her reappearance as he was always told she was dead, she harbors a deep secret.

Sideshow Bob again escapes from prison and takes control of a TV screen at an air show, demanding all television stations immediately go off the air.

Troy McClure hosts a retrospective of the first 137 episodes of The Simpsons.

Marge's relationship with Bart is strained when he is caught shoplifting before Christmas.

Homer starts a bowling team with Moe, Apu and Otto, but when Mr. Burns discovers the team was funded with his money, he insists on joining. Meanwhile, Springfield Elementary introduces uniforms.

Former President George Bush and his wife, Barbara, move into the Simpsons' neighborhood and soon clash with Bart and Homer.

After buying a Chanel suit at a bargain price, Marge finds herself invited to a country club by a former schoolmate. Taken in by the opulence of the place, she is soon overcome by a desperation to fit in.

Bart gets a check he wanted signed by Krusty back stamped. As Krusty was supposed to autograph it, Bart wants it taken back to sign, but inadvertently reveals Krusty as a tax fraud. Krusty's lifestyle is stripped down to that of an average citizen, his show ruined and most of his possessions sold in an auction. Bart is mad at himself, particularly after a sobbing Krusty commits suicide by piloting his plane, the I'm-Onna-Rolla-Gay, into a mountainside. Bart sees visions of Krusty everywhere, but are they illusions or real life?

Lisa discovers that her town's beloved founder Jebediah Springfield was in fact a vicious pirate.

When Smithers is forced to take a vacation, he appoints Homer as his temporary replacement.

Bart and Lisa meet a homeless person who claims to have created Itchy, one half of the cat and mouse team of their favorite cartoon series, "Itchy & Scratchy."

Washed-up movie star Troy McClure starts dating Selma in an attempt to silence bizarre rumors about his personal life and resuscitate his career.

Unable to get out of a mis-scheduled spring vacation, Principal Skinner makes up the holiday "Go to Work with Your Parents Day," giving Lisa the chance to spend time with Homer, and Bart the chance to work with Patty & Selma at the DMV. When Bart makes his own fake driver's license and Martin wins a bundle at the stock market, Bart rents a car, and takes Milhouse, Martin, and Nelson Muntz on a huge road trip.

A series of vignettes highlights a day in the life of various Springfield residents.

Another member of Grampa Simpson's WWII platoon dies, leaving only him and Mr. Burns. Years earlier, the men stole a number of priceless masterpieces from Nazi Germany, and now Mr. Burns aims to ensure he is the one to inherit them.

Anti-immigration fever sweeps Springfield, which threatens to lead to the deportation of Apu, until Homer decides to reject the mob mentality and help him become a legal citizen.

Determined to prove he is still cool, Homer takes Bart and Lisa to the Hullabalooza music festival, where he finds he has a talent for being shot in the stomach, and joins the festival's freak show.

After realizing how unpopular she is at school, a disillusioned Lisa sees the vacation to Ned Flanders' beach house that the family has planned as an opportunity to reinvent herself and make some friends.

Bart discovers his Siamese twin Hugo in the attic. Then, Lisa becomes a god after she accidentally creates life in a science fair project. Finally, Kang and Kodos plot to conquer the planet disguised as Bill Clinton and Bob Dole.

Homer takes a new job in a new town. However, his friendly new boss might be a super villain bent on world domination.

Homer becomes a boxer after Moe discovers his amazing ability to take a punch.

The Simpsons try to reunite Homer's boss, Mr. Burns, with Larry, Burns' long-lost son.

Marge leads a crusade against a local burlesque house after she discovers Bart working there.

Milhouse's parents divorce, leading Homer to question the strength of his own marriage.

At school, Nelson is caught with a cache of stolen items in his locker (including the "H" hood emblem from Supt. Chalmers' car) and is assigned to do chores with Groundskeeper Willie. Lisa is caught observing the goings-on and is assigned detention, where she develops a crush on Nelson. Lisa tries to reform Nelson, and it works for awhile. However, as the old saying goes, you can't teach a juvenile delinquent new tricks and it isn't long before Nelson is back to his old ways; he and his buddies had been caught throwing spoiled food at Skinner's house and tries to lie ...

After a hurricane hits Springfield and destroys Ned Flanders' house, he suffers a breakdown and is forced to confront problems from his childhood.

At Springfield's annual chili cook-off, Homer eats a spicy concoction containing hallucinogenic peppers from Guatemala, and subsequently has a vision which makes him doubt Marge is his soul mate.

In yet another crazed crossover, Leonard Nimoy narrates another tale of the supernatural, reminiscent of his days with "In Search Of." Realizing that even he's too drunk to drive after a night at Moe's Tavern, Homer stumbles through the woods and encounters a green glowing alien. Needless to say, nobody takes him seriously, except for "X-Files" FBI Agent Fox Mulder, who once again drags along his partner Dana Scully on another quest to prove the government is hiding the presence of UFO's from the public. However, even this mission may make a skeptic out of Mulder.

Marge enters the pretzel vending business, but when she fails, Homer recruits some help from the mob.

Homer and Mr. Burns get trapped in a snowed-in cabin during a company retreat.

After a little bit of hair loss caused by stress, the Simpson family decide that a nanny to help around the house may be a good idea, causing them to come into contact with a very odd character named Shary Bobbins.

Krusty becomes alarmed at the flagging ratings for "The Itchy & Scratchy Show" and demands it be corrected. The producers reason some new gimmicks are needed to inject fresh air and - after a focus group doesn't quite go as well as planned - decide to introduce a new character named Poochie, a rapping cartoon dog that is supposed to become friends with Itchy and Scratchy. Homer auditions to do Poochie's voice and wins the part. Poochie's first cartoon, "The Beagle Has Landed," premieres to great fanfare but is poorly received to say the least. The producers decide ...

After Marge befriends John, a gay store owner, Homer worries that his presence will have a negative effect on Bart's sexuality.

Grudge against his cousin Side Show Bob, Cecil tries to kill Springfield with hydro-electric dam explosion which was fonded hollowed structure by him. Side Show Bob also has a good Side.

Bart is outraged when Lisa becomes his babysitter.

After Bart inadvertently becomes drunk at a St. Patrick's Day celebration, an old prohibition law banning drinking in Springfield is rediscovered and enforced. Desperate to keep alcohol in the city, Homer takes matters into his own hands.

Martin's birthday party is predictably dull until nearly all the guests become ill with food poisoning. The only ones not to get sick are Bart (who didn't want to eat the spoiled oysters), and Principal Skinner and Mrs. Krabappel, who fall in love with each other. Bart catches his principal and teacher kissing passionately, but they immediately find out and want to swear him to secrecy. They make him his gofer, making his life miserable at school and calling him at all hours of the night (all for the reward of Milhouse inheriting Bart's poor school record). Bart ...

After he fraudulently obtains a credit card, Bart buys a new dog named Laddie. When the items he purchased are repossessed, he lies that Santa's Little Helper is the dog he bought, and soon misses his pet.

Burns loses his fortune and recruits Lisa to help him get it back.

Marge becomes a church counselor to compensate for Reverend Lovejoy's lack of interest. Meanwhile, Homer discovers a Japanese detergent is using his face for their logo.

Industrious Frank Grimes starts working at the plant beside Homer. He complains to the other employees about how useless Homer is, which causes them to wonder why Frank is being so troublesome.

Troy McClure introduces three "potential spin-offs" of The Simpsons. The fictional pilots include: "Chief Wiggum, P.I. (Wiggum and Principal Skinner are detectives in New Orleans, and must contend with the evil Big Daddy, who kidnaps Ralph); "The Love-Matic Grandpa" (a spoof of the failed 1960s-era sitcom "My Mother the Car," where Grampa's ghost inhabits a Love Tester machine at Moe's Tavern); and "The Simpson Family Smile-Time Variety Hour" (the Simpsons - along with a teen-aged "Lisa" - star in a comedy-variety show, much like the Bradys did in 1977).

After a prank destroys half the town, Bart is shipped away to military school. Lisa, seeking a challenge, decides to enroll with him, but is faced with discrimination as the school's only girl cadet.

Homer must travel to New York to get his car back, which is illegally parked at World Trade Center Plaza.

After holding a surprise tribute to Principal Skinner, the town of Springfield is shocked to find out that Seymour Skinner is actually an impostor.

Homer recounts the story of Bart's first day of school, which corresponds with the story of how Lisa got her saxophone.

In "The Homega Man," Homer battles mutants after Springfield is annihilated by a neutron bomb. Then, Bart has his DNA mixed with a fly in "Fly vs. Fly." Finally, Marge is revealed to be a witch in colonial Springfield in "Easy Bake Coven."

After a massive soccer riot, Homer decides to invest in a home security system but can't afford the high price. He does the next best thing: He purchases a gun. This is despite Marge's stern opposition to having a gun. Homer plays with the gun like a toy and almost causes an accident at the dinner table. Marge warns Homer to get rid of the gun now; Homer agrees, but Bart finds the gun later in the refrigerator. Marge sees this, takes the gun away and tells Homer she is taking the kids and moving out. Homer eventually is kicked out of the local NRA chapter (for his ...

A damning report on childhood obesity in Springfield leads to the formation of a pee-wee football team. After belittling Ned Flanders, Homer ends up coaching the team, but his favoring of Bart makes him unpopular.

Marge must pose as Apu's wife to prevent his upcoming arranged marriage.

Another day at Springfield Elementary School, another field trip - this time to an archaeological dig. During the dig, Lisa unearths what appears to be a fossilized human skeleton with wings.

Marge becomes a real-estate agent.

On Christmas Eve, Marge admonishes the family not to open presents until 7 a.m. the next morning. Bart finds a way around the directive and opens his gifts at 5 a.m. However, his prized gift - a remote-controlled fire truck - overheats and causes a fire that engulfs the tree and presents. The family investigates and Bart tells them that a burglar has struck. As a result of Kent Brockman's human interest story, the entire town donates gifts and cash to the Simpsons for their "misfortune." Eventually, Bart admits the truth, angering his clueless family but angering the ...

Homer is disappointed when the western he rented turns out to be a musical, so the family reminds him of the musical moments in the show's history.

Bart and Homer befriend two carnies and invite them to stay with them, but the carnies soon swindle the Simpsons out of their house.

An evil cult called the Movementarians brainwashes the citizens of Springfield and it's up to Marge to get them back.

While the kids become stranded on a desert island, Homer attempts to cash in on the Internet.

After a disastrous performance, Krusty changes his image and becomes an edgy stand-up.

Homer and Moe attempt insurance fraud so that Moe can support his new girlfriend. When Homer ends up in jail, Moe has to decide whether or not to come forward.

Lisa fears she is losing her intelligence when she learns about the fabled Simpson gene. Meanwhile, Jasper freezes himself in the Kwik-E-Mart freezer.

Bart is reluctant to hang out with Ralph Wiggum, until he gains access to Chief Wiggum's master key to the city.

Homer causes an international incident after he joins the Naval reserves.

Homer is forced to spy for the IRS after an audit. But when he is asked to retrieve a trillion dollar bill from Mr. Burns, he switches sides and the two flee to Cuba for refuge.

Bart and Lisa become locked in competition when they anchor a children's news program. Meanwhile, Homer adopts a helper monkey.

Homer becomes the sanitation commissioner for Springfield. His ineptitude pollutes the town and leads to a drastic solution.

After humiliating Bart at a church picnic, Homer resolves to get in shape. Soon, he is contacted by an energy bar company that wants him to climb a mountain as a promotion.

Lisa gets lost after she tries to take a bus to a museum.

Homer and Marge's attempt to spice up their marriage leads to the couple being chased naked through Springfield.

A new girl arrives at Springfield Elementary and becomes instantly popular, with Lisa forced to organize a dance at her school, while Homer and Bart try to start their own grease business.

Homer's midlife crisis leads to a disastrous attempt at being an inventor.

When Bart accidentally kills a mother bird, he tries to make amends by raising the eggs.

Homer receives an evil hair transplant, Bart and Lisa get trapped in an Itchy and Scratchy cartoon, and Maggie is revealed to be an alien.

Homer becomes a Hollywood insider when he befriends Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.

Homer becomes a hippie after a revelation about his middle name.

Lisa cheats on a test and has a moral crisis when her perfect score qualifies the school for grant money. Meanwhile, Homer cannot bring himself to cook a lobster, so he adopts it as a pet instead.

Homer gets cold feet before a transplant operation which could save Grampa's life.

Homer deals with corruption when he becomes Mayor Quimby's bodyguard.

When Homer takes Ned to Las Vegas in an attempt to get him to loosen up, the two end up drunkenly marrying a pair of cocktail waitresses.

The children of Springfield revolt after a curfew is enforced.

Homer and his friends head to the Superbowl, but are forced to sneak in when they discover their tickets are counterfeit.

After a dimwitted TV character is coincidentally named Homer Simpson, Homer changes his name to Max Power.

The husbands of Springfield plot revenge after Apu outshines them on Valentine's Day.

Marge's new SUV gives her a potent case of road rage.

When Homer installs a cell phone tower on his roof to pay for his destruction of the Bill Of Rights, the machinery is put in Lisa's room, forcing her to move in with Bart. When the new living arrangement causes her stress, Homer agrees to try sensory deprivation therapy with her.

Homer completes a cross country delivery for a trucker who dies before completing it, and takes Bart along for the ride. Meanwhile, Marge and Lisa experience problems with a novelty doorbell they purchase.

Three famous religious stories are retold Simpsons style as the family nods off at church.

Homer becomes the talk of the Springfield art community when a failed barbecue pit he worked on is mistaken for an art project.

Bart is punished with community service at the Retirement Castle after he ruins Springfield's chances of hosting the Olympics.

Mr. Burns attempts to be popular by capturing the Loch Ness Monster.

Lisa is invited to join the Springfield chapter of MENSA and after Mayor Quimby flees, the group ends up running the city. Meanwhile, Homer poses for a series of erotic photos.

The Simpsons must perform on a Japanese game show after Homer loses their money on a vacation.

When Mel Gibson becomes convinced that Homer is the only man with the guts to tell him the truth, he insists Homer accompany him to Hollywood to help fix his newest film project, a remake of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington.

Bart is put on medication to control his behavior, but the pills cause him to become paranoid and insane.

Homer's negative reviews as a food critic puts his life in danger. Fortunately he has Lisa fighting for him.

The Simpsons attempt to cover up their accidental murder of Ned Flanders in "I Know What You Did-Iddly-Did." Then, Bart and Lisa become superheroes and save Lucy Lawless from the evil Collector in "Desperately Xeeking Xena." Finally, Homer's incompetence causes a Y2K apocalypse in "Life's A Glitch, Then You Die."

Homer cowards out of a pistol-duel and hides out with the rest of the family on a country farm.

Homer becomes a minor celebrity around Springfield after bowling a perfect game.

Apu struggles with fatherhood after Manjula gives birth to octuplets.

Homer's attempt at creating a motorcycle gang attracts a real gang, who kidnap Marge.

A toy company purchases Springfield Elementary and uses the student body as a focus group for their new Christmas toy Funzo.

Lisa finds out how rough Marge has it when her mom is in traction and she becomes the woman of the house. Homer and Bart's antics get her so worked up she conspires to teach them a lesson.

Bart is led to believe he has special healing powers after a tent revival.

When Mr. Burns has to go the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota for a checkup, he chooses The Simpsons to take care of his mansion while he is gone. Homer and his friends take Mr. Burns yacht into international waters, where they end up being targeted by modern day pirates.

The Simpsons get an abused horse and make him a contender in horse racing. Homer finds out a secret conspiracy about jockeys. Lisa tries to reach President Clinton when the results of a school band talent competition seem tainted.

Ned deals with his grief after Maude's untimely death.

When Homer is wanted dead for reneging on a 10,000 dollar pledge to PBS, Reverend Lovejoy sets him up for missionary work in the South Pacific until the heat dies down.

Plastic surgery not only transforms Moe the Bartender from ugly to hunky, it helps gets him a job on a hit daytime drama.

Bart gets a glimpse of the future while the family is on vacation at an Indian casino.

Homer doesn't like it when Barney quits drinking; Bart and Lisa get into trouble when they enter a photo contest for the new phone book cover.

The Simpsons become wanted criminals after injuring a famous alligator during a Florida vacation.

Lisa has difficulties learning to tap dance. Meanwhile Bart and Milhouse ditch summer camp to spend a week living in the mall.

Everybody loves the new Simpsons' house guest Becky. Except Marge, who thinks Becky wants to kill her.

The Simpsons discuss their fame in a behind the scenes look at the show.

Homer must do one good deed to get into Heaven in "G-G-Ghost D-D-Dad." Then, Bart and Lisa encounter a witch in a gingerbread house in "Scary Tales Can Come True." Finally, super-intelligent dolphins strike back at humanity in "Night Of The Dolphin."

When Homer tries to enter a phone-in competition, he becomes terribly stubborn and angry for Springfield introducing a new dialing code. In the Town Hall, after the Mayor's meeting about the change, Homer discovers that all the rich people live on one side of Springfield, with the old code, and Homer is left to try and manage with the new code. However, he protests, and ends up splitting Springfield into Old and New. Homer desperately tries different ways to tackle Old Springfield, but in doing so, he only makes them richer when they discover gold at the bottom of the...

After he learns he has a daughter, Krusty turns to Homer for parenting advice.

Lisa's crush on an environmental activist inspires her to live in a tree threatened by loggers.

Desperate for money, Homer accepts payment from Mr. Burns in exchange for humiliating himself.

Homer's gossip website becomes a huge hit, but when his information runs out he resorts to making up news.

The whole town of Springfield conspires to teach Homer and Bart a lesson after the pair begin running confidence scams.

A snowstorm traps the kids and Principal Skinner in the school for Christmas vacation.

An x-ray reveals a crayon lodged in Homer's brain. After the crayon is removed, Homer experiences a sudden surge in intelligence, making him closer to Lisa and isolated from his friends.

Marge befriends a convict with an artistic streak. Meanwhile, Homer battles the chiropractic industry after he creates a miracle back pain cure.

Bart and Milhouse are left in charge of the comic book store after Comic Book Guy is hospitalized.

Homer installs a tennis court in the backyard, but his lousy playing creates a rift in the family.

Sideshow Bob returns with a plan to brainwash Bart and kill Krusty.

Bart, Nelson, Millhouse, and Ralph are recruited by a man named L.T. Smash to be in a boy band called the Party Posse but when Lisa discovers the true identity of LT. Smash as a navy recruitment officer she tries to tell Homer and Marge with hilarious results.

Homer decides to help his family with all their problems, complaining to the Blocko land and other places to claim what is right. But, when Homer goes to complain at Springfield Stadium, he secretly discovers that the manager is planning to move the team to the Albuquerque Isotopes. After Homer is knocked out of remembering the events, he returns to the stadium and starts a protest that he will not eat anything until the manager reveals the secret. However, the manager and the Duff Man have other plans for Homer...

Problems with a bully lead Lisa to examine just what makes bullies aggressive. Meanwhile, Homer gets into the baby-proofing business.

The Simpsons win a trip to Africa.

The lives of Homer, Lisa and Bart have been split up in a less-than-ordinary day, and as each of their problems unfold, their lives intertwine on a road of chaos and mayhem all over Springfield. Homer's thumb is accidentally sliced off, and he tries to find a way to the hospital; Lisa must find a way to get to the Science fair at school; and Bart and Milhouse discover more than just fireworks in a secret cave...

With Homer's help, Ned Flanders tries to establish a Christian theme park based on drawings in his deceased wife's sketch book.

After a debilitating injury forces him to stay indoors, Homer begins a daycare center.

A hobo tells the Simpsons tall tales on a train ride to Delaware. In the first story, Homer is outcast from society as Paul Bunyan. Then, Lisa travels the country planting trees as Connie Appleseed. Finally, Bart and Nelson raft down the Mississippi as Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn.

A gypsy puts a curse on Homer in "Hex In The City." Then, The Simpsons' new automated house malfunctions and tries to kill Homer. Finally, Bart and Lisa attend a school for wizards in "Wiz Kids."

After Bart takes a joyride in a police car, a judge orders him to be tethered to Homer at all times.

Homer and his friends are forced to drink in the Simpsons' garage after Moe the Bartender renovates his shady bar into a hipster hangout.

Mr. Burns falls in love with a younger woman and recruits Homer to help him impress her.

A hypnotist uncovers a traumatic experience from Homer's childhood.

Feeling her church cares more about making money then helping people, Lisa drops Christianity for Buddhism.

A social services officer brings unity to the Simpson family, but their newfound happiness is threatened when the cocktail waitress Homer married in Vegas shows up at their door.

Marge rallies for a ban on sugar after Springfield is declared America's fattest city.

Marge can't deal with the quiet after Homer has his jaws wired shut.

Marge's high school sweetheart Artie Ziff returns and offers Homer a million dollars to spend a weekend with Marge.

Bart breaks up with his new girlfriend Greta, but gets jealous when she begins dating Milhouse.

Bart meets a retired cowboy movie star and convinces him to make a comeback on The Krusty the Clown Show.

Abe gets his driver's license back to impress a new woman at the retirement home.

The family reads stories from a long overdue library book. First, Homer (Odysseus) struggles to find his way home after the Trojan War. Next, Lisa (Joan Of Arc) leads the French army after hearing the voice of God. Finally, Bart (Hamlet) avenges the murder of his father.

Lisa sponsors an orphan in Brazil, and when he goes missing she convinces the family to go to Brazil to find him. While there, Homer is kidnapped.

After a traumatizing eye injury, Homer becomes a habitual user of medical marijuana.

In this clip show, the citizens of Springfield honor Homer Simpsons with a Roast, but the festivities take a turn for the worst when aliens crash it.

Bart's comic about Homer becomes a hit on-line, prompting Homer to attempt to control his anger.

Apu's marriage is on the rocks after Manjula finds out he cheated on her.

Lisa pretends to be a college student and loses favor with her classmates at Springfield Elementary in the process. A mysterious illness forces Bart to live in a plastic bubble.

Homer and Marge find themselves on death row after they are framed for murder.

Homer becomes chief of police after a scandal forces Wiggum out.

Homer buys a magic hammock that he can clone himself. Zombie cowboys come back from the dead after Springfield bans guns. The Simpsons family take a vacation on an island where Dr. Hibbert can turn people into animals.

When Marge, Lisa and Bart find out how hard Homer struggles to keep a roof over their heads, they enroll him in a Rock & Roll fantasy camp to relax at for a week.

Bart and Lisa are respectively held back and moved forward one grade, putting them in the same class.

Marge accidentally gets breast implants.

After Lisa brings home the stick of a pro hockey player for yelling at him to shoot between the goalie's legs, the Simpsons' house is eaten by termites. To get a home, the family joins a reality show, where they must live like a family from 1895.

Homer has to use Sideshow Bob in order to track down a potential assassin.

After Skinner once again has let Mrs. Krabappel down, Bart takes her to the cinema. To cheer her up, Bart nominates Krabappel for the 'teacher of the year' award. The nominations is accepted, and soon the Simpsons family and Mrs. Krabappel are going to the award ceremony in Orlando, Florida, where Skinner tries to get back Krabappel by asking her to marry him.

Homer hires a private detective to learn more about Lisa.

Marge takes up body-building to boost her self-esteem after a mugging, but the family finds they just can't cope with a Marge that can bench-press 500 pounds.

Homer turns to religion to help him get what he wants, and is soon awarded the church in an injury settlement. Homer then turns the church into his personal party pad, and Reverend Lovejoy leaves Springfield to wallow in its hedonism.

When Bart finds out Homer has used all the money Bart got for doing a commercial when he was a baby, he moves out of the house and into the same building as famous skateboarder, Tony Hawk, whose skateboarding tour Bart joins.

Lisa participates in the Spellympics, but Homer is busy traveling cross-country as Krusty Burger test-markets a new sandwich. Lisa is confident that she will win, until she learns that the contest is rigged against her.

Ned Flanders starts dating a the famous movie star, Sara Sloane, but Ned has difficulties with the tabloids following them everywhere.

The family makes Krusty run for Congress because of air traffic being redirected to fly dangerously close to their house.

Homer takes over the power plant after tricking Mr. Burns into making him the official owner of the power plant.

Lisa becomes interested in astronomy and starts fighting the light pollution which is preventing her from being able to enjoy her new hobby.

Finding an old note, Homer discovers Marge secretly hated him many years back. Upset, he leaves the house and moves in with two gays.

Homer's song, "Everybody Hates Ned Flanders", becomes a hit in Springfield, but the family leaves Springfield to live a couple of weeks in a ranch to escape Homer's song.

Homer throws out Santa's Little Helper for not saving him from a fire, but soon the dog becomes Duff's new mascot.

Because of Homer losing his driver's license, Marge has to drive everyone everywhere, which is so stressful for her that she accidentally runs over Homer leading to the two seeing a marriage counselor.

Marge makes Bart quit hanging out with Milhouse after the two are caught invading the Flanders' home. She then starts a peer group based around Native American life for Bart, Nelson, Ralph and Database to participate in. When Bart finds out Milhouse has joined a different peer group, they soon are at odds as they see whose group can do more community service around Springfield.

After saving Maggie's life, Moe develops a special bond with her, much to Homer's dismay.

First, Homer kills the Grim Reaper and takes his place in Reaper Madness. Then, Professor Frink's father is revived, only to kill people and steal their organs in Frinkenstein. Finally, Bart and Milhouse get a stop watch that can stop time in Stop the World, I Want To Goof Off.

Homer's mother returns to Springfield, and the city pardons her from the charges against her. Mr Burns is furious about this and makes a plan to get Mona Simpson in prison.

Lisa feuds with Principal Skinner after being elected school president.

Prime minister Tony Blair welcomes the Simpsons to England where they run into author J.K. Rowling and actor Ian McKellen.

At the dump Homer is videotaped while being attacked by a bear. The town regards him a coward, so Homer decides to strike back at the bear.

Krusty decides to do what he never did when he was thirteen years old - have a Bar Mitzvah.

After spending all his money on an expensive gift for himself, the family thinks Homer should be less of an egoist. Therefore he tries replacing Ned Flanders as the 'good guy' in town.

A concert for babies ends in a riot, so the childless adults of Springfield gather to make the town less child-friendly. Of course Marge is against this proposition, so she forms her own group to prevent a yes on proposition 242.

While Lisa and Marge have trouble finding a successor for Snowball II, Homer pretends to be a robot and fights robot races to win Bart's affection.

Marge is inspired to write a novel, but the storyline of the book (a fat, mean husband, and a handsome, sweet neighbor) makes Homer jealous.

Marge tells Lisa, Bart and Millhouse three history stories because the library doesn't have any.

Milhouse moves to Capital City, and therefore Lisa and Bart become best friends.

When Maggie is revealed to have an IQ of 167, Lisa is no longer the genius of the family, causing a rivalry between the sisters.

Artie Ziff is discovered hiding out in the Simpsons' attic.

Marge takes up heavy drinking to spend more time with Homer. Bart and Lisa confront a famous movie director about the drop in quality his films have taken.

After playing a prank on the whole town, Bart is sentenced to six months of juvenile detention. There he meets Gina, who forces Bart to escape with her.

Mrs. Krabapel falls for Comic Book Guy and they plan a Star Trek like wedding. Principal Skinner plans to prevent it.

Homer and Marge try to have a vacation without the kids but Bart and Lisa follow them everywhere they go.

Homer becomes a costumed vigilante who uses pies for weapons after witnessing Lisa get humiliated at a competition at the state fair.

Marge and Homer find out that they actually kissed each other at age 10 without knowing they were each other's first kisses, and tell the story about this.

An accidental photo showing Bart mooning the American flag makes the Simpsons the most hated family in town.

Lisa makes her own newspaper for publishing poems and such, and at the same time Mr Burns decides to buy every media in town to improve his image. In the end Lisa's newspaper is the only media in town not owned by Burns, which inspires the town's inhabitants to create their own newspapers.

In "The Ned Zone," Ned gets the ability to tell people's deaths just by touching someone. In "In the Belly of the Boss," Mr. Burns accidentally swallows Maggie and the Simpsons try to get her out. In "Four Beheadings and a Funeral," Lisa and Bart try to solve the mystery of the mutton-chops murderer.

Homer buys Marge a new kitchen, and Marge likes cooking in the new kitchen so much she attends the Ovenfresh Bakeoff.

Because she thinks her own children do not appreciate her anymore, Marge becomes a mother figure for Nelson.

Marge's old high school friend, the famous reporter Chloe Talbot, comes to Springfield, and Marge becomes jealous when Lisa begins idolizing Chloe.

Bart begins designing T-shirt slogans, and his T-shirts become very popular among the citizens of Springfield.

Homer goes to Canada with Apu and Ned to purchase Grampa's medication, but the three have problems getting home because the border guard thinks Apu is a terrorist.

Homer gives Moe an enormous amount of money so he doesn't have to close down.

A video of Homer dancing becomes so popular that all major sports players hires Homer to design celebration dances for them.

Bart went to a rap concert Marge told him not to go to. In order to avoid punishment from Marge, he makes Marge and Homer believe he has been kidnapped.

To gain new tourism dollars after a nationwide "Worst City" news report, Springfield legalizes gay marriage. Homer flips on the issue and sees money can be made marrying gay couples when Reverend Lovejoy refuses to do so. Come to find out, a family member is gay and wants Homer to perform the marriage.

After bullying her, Bart is restricted by court order to come too close to Lisa.

Selma decides to adopt a child, so the whole family goes to China.

After a garage-cleaning accident, Marge wants Homer to get life insurance. Instead, the family gets an RV.

Springfield builds an opera house, but since no-one attends it they convert it into a prison. Old and forgotten laws are used to fill the prison, and therefore Homer goes to jail for kicking a can five times in a row. In jail, Homer becomes a snitch

Bart and Lisa see into the future where their lives have changed.

Homer meets a new friend, Ray the Roofer, but gets confined to a mental institution when his friends and family think he made him up.

Bart starts living on food from the new candy machine in school only, but he becomes so overweight that he has to go to a fat camp.

Lisa attends a singing competition for children, and Homer becomes her manager because of his skill to write songs that the crowd loves.

Homer hears about the Rapture, and by using numerology to calculate when the Rapture is coming he learns that it is only one week away.

After Homer humiliates Ned Flanders, Ned, Rod, and Todd decides to leave Springfield and live in Humbleton, Pennsylvania.

Bart is expelled from Springfield Elementary, and Bart is therefore enrolled in St. Jerome's Catholic School.

When Marge leaves Homer because he allowed an adult movie being shot in their house, she seeks self fulfillment in protecting manatees.

A new cemetery right outside the window of Lisa's room makes Lisa suffer from many sleepless nights.

When Maggie gets chicken pox, Flanders tells Homer to create a pox party at the Simpson's house. But, Milhouse then finds Kirk and Luann kissing on Marge and Homer's bed. Milhouse is excited that his parents are back together, but kind of not when they're not paying any attention to him and tries to break them up with Bart. The results end up disastrous as it breaks up Homer and Marge too and then, when Bart ends up doing something, the only thing that matters to Homer and Marge is each other.

In Bartificial Intelligence, Bart falls into a coma after trying to jump into a swimming pool off a window ledge. Dr. Hibbert says that this coma is permanent, so the Simpsons get a robot for a son. Bart wakes up, only to be abandoned by Homer. He stays with some robots and becomes a robot himself, able to destroy the robot that replaced him. In Survival of the Fattest, Mr. Burns invites a bunch of people, including Homer, to a hunting party. But it turns into World's Most Dangerous Game when Burns starts killing everyone he can with his gun. Homer stays alive and ...

Marge and Bart start spending more time together, and make a tradition of cycling to a tea house in a small village outside Springfield.

Trying to win back Lisa's love, Homer puts on the Safety-Salamder suit and runs for mayor.

Milhouse tutors Lisa in Italian, and Marge joins the Cheery Red Tomatoes, a group that plans to rob Mr. Burns of one million dollars worth of Faberg eggs.

The Simpsons become lost in Italy, finding their way to a small town that Sideshow Bob has become the mayor of.

Homer tells the tale of the first Christmas ever, while Grandpa pursues his decade-old feud with Santa.

When a frozen mailman from the 60's is found in a Springfield glacier, doubts arise about whether Abe really is Homer's father.

When Homer is on his way to Vegas to meet up with his friends, he has to make a detour to take Bart to an education camp. Meanwhile, Marge has discovered a surprising source of income.

Bart and Lisa bets whether Lisa can turn Groundskeeper Willie into a proper gentleman.

In this story within a story within a story within a story, a cave-exploring expedition, an angry sheep and a lovestruck Moe become inextricably entwined.

Marge is babysitting the Flanders kids, Homer goes to the zoo with Bart and Lisa, where Bart is kidnapped and adopted by a chimp.

As part of a new Fox show, the Simpsons participate in a wife-swap.

After blowing Springfield's chances for an NFL franchise, Grandpa goes to an assisted-suicide center, then becomes a bullfighter.

Homer gets sent to India when the power plant is relocated there. Selma and Patty kidnap Richard Dean Anderson after he spurns their MacGyver fan club.

While waiting for the dinner at the Frying Dutchman, the family starts telling three stories about ships: "Journey on the Mayflower", "Mutiny on the Bounty", and "The Neptune Adventure".

Springfield Elementary is divided into two separate schools (one for boys, one for girls) following Principal Skinner's demotion. Concerned that the boys are receiving a higher standard of education, Lisa disguises herself as a boy.

After hitting her head on a stool Marge suffers from amnesia. Slowly but surely memories are starting to come back, except memories about Homer.

After seeing a museum exhibit on evolution, in which creation is labeled a myth, an outraged Ned Flanders teams with Reverend Lovejoy to blackmail Principal Skinner into requiring creationism to be taught in classrooms, eventually at the expense of any mention of evolution. Lisa becomes outraged herself, and forms a student organization to teach evolution, leading to a creationism vs. evolution trail, a la Inherit the Wind.

Marge and Homer try their luck at celebrity marriage counselling.

When Fat Tony has to take a time-out due to a whacking attempt, Homer and Bart take over the business.

Lisa becomes depressed when Bart becomes a better jazz musician than her. So she decides to set up an animal shelter in the Simpsons' attic.

Marge begins her own carpentry business, but Homer becomes the face of the business because nobody will take a female carpenter seriously. And Bart uses Principal Skinner's peanut allergy to his advantage.

"Married to the Blob" - a take-off on The Blob, with Homer in the title role as radiation from a meteor turns him into a blob-like monster. "You Got to Know When to Golem" - A take-off on an old Jewish legend. "The Day the Earth Looked Stupid" - in the late 1930s, Kang and Kodos land in Springfield as part of an alien invasion, but the town, completely taken in by The War of the Worlds, doesn't pay much attention.

Homer is duped into signing up for the Army, and his hijinks after basic training ultimately results in a military occupation of Springfield.

Lisa helps Moe become a distinguished poet, but she turns on him when he takes all the credit for his newfound greatness.

Homer becomes an ice cream man after being fired from the plant, and Marge uses his leftover Popsicle sticks to create folk art figures.

Bart and Nelson become best friends, but Bart surprisingly discovers that the fringe benefits aren't worth Nelson's neediness.

The Simpsons let Gil stay with them during Christmas. However, he stays for 11 months because Marge can't tell him "no."

Homer returns Marge to Barnacle Bay, where she spent her beloved summer vacations. But when they get there, they discover that it is no longer a tourist spot.

While Homer tries to get revenge on a driver who cut him off, his family warns him of the folly of revenge by telling stories based on "The Count of Monte Cristo," "Revenge of the Nerds," and "Batman."

When Bart performs a heroic act, Springfield grants him 1 wish. Barts asks for a driver's license, and he drives to a nearby town. There, he meets a teen (Natalie Portman) who thinks he is 16, and the two begin dating.

A parody of the "Up Series" of British documentaries, in which a filmmaker follows Homer and his friends from grade school into their 40s.

In this parody of The Sound of Music (1965), Lisa becomes a tutor for Cletus' seven children, until Krusty tries to exploit them as entertainers. Meanwhile, Bart becomes emotionally attached to his school-appointed psychiatrist.

Selma and Grampa fall in love and end up getting married, a marriage both Homer and Patty are against, and in the end the married couple realize that their life together just cannot work out.

Homer becomes a successful Paparazzi, but Springfield's celebrities decide to get their revenge on him.

Marge becomes a spectacle during a PTA meeting for not having an e-mail address, and she decides to take a chance on using the Internet. Amazed and delighted by all the Internet has to offer, Marge joins a popular role-playing fantasy game called "Earthland Realms." To Marge's dismay, the game has her interacting with practically the whole town of Springfield, including Bart, who happens to be the game's most feared and destructive player. Meanwhile, Homer saves Lisa's soccer game from cancellation after he volunteers to take the place of a referee who recently quit. ...

Bart becomes the most hated person in Springfield after he is the goat in a championship baseball game, and Homer new job as a mattress salesman ruins his and Marge's sex life.

Homer, Moe, Apu and Principal Skinner become volunteer firefighters. But just because they're not getting paid doesn't mean that they can't find a way to receive compensation.

Homer unwittingly drags the family into a cornfield maze after attempting to leave a boring Harvest fest that Marge brought them to. When everyone except Homer escapes, Santa's Little Helper rescues him and becomes the town hero. So the Simpsons enroll him in Police Dog Academy where he's teamed with Lou.

Bart and Lisa join forces to stop the school bullies from setting off a stink bomb at the school bake sale.

After Kent Brockman is fired as a news anchor, he and Lisa use the Internet to expose the Fox News Conspiracy.

Homer falls in love with private planes after taking a flight to Chicago with Mr. Burns. So Marge hires Homer a "life manager" to help him think positively and find a job that will allow him to fly for a living.

Homer becomes an opera star after an injury improves his singing voice. His newfound popularity forces him to hire a personal assistant, who turns out to be an obsessed stalker.

Homer becomes the most hated man in town after he becomes a tow truck driver, and Marge teaches Maggie to not be an over-dependent baby.

Marge promises to visit a convicted bank robber in prison, but is afraid to follow through. But when the convict escapes from prison, Marge is the first person he pays a visit to.

The eighteenth Simpsons Halloween Special features parodies of the movies "E.T." and "Mr. and Mrs. Smith."

Milhouse's parents are lost at sea, which causes him to become a troubled loner. But his new persona makes him the new most popular kid at school, which sparks jealousy in Bart.

When Marge becomes a successful businesswoman, Homer becomes worried that she will dump him for a trophy husband. Therefore, he decides to have plastic surgery to make himself look like a hunk.

Bart is responsible for Sideshow Bob's death after his latest attempt at revenge is foiled, but is his death actually part of the plan?

Homer goes to Dr. Frink to help him recover his memories from the night before, and he discovers, based on his interpretation of the memories, that Marge is having an affair.

Springfield becomes the site of the first presidential primary. The townspeople soon get sick of all of the presidential candidates sucking up to them, and decide to support their own write-in candidate: Ralph Wiggum.

Homer and Marge tell the kids about their life in the early 1990s before they were born, when Marge was enrolled in Springfield College and Homer was the lead singer of a grunge rock band

A series of romantic Valentine's Day parodies based on "Bonnie and Clyde," "Lady and the Tramp," and "Sid and Nancy."

The new prankster in Bart's fourth grade class actually turns out to be a mole brought in by Principal Skinner to infiltrate Bart's inner circle. Homer falls in love with his loaner car after Marge wrecks their old one.

One of Bart's pranks results in Martin's death, but Lisa doesn't want him to confess because she would be considered an accomplice. Marge hires a television crew to find out if Homer is cheating on his diet.

Marge has Lisa take up ballet, mainly to have Lisa live out her own childhood dreams. Lisa then succumbs to peer pressure from her ballet mates and takes up smoking. Meanwhile, Homer and Bart try to start their own beef jerky business.

When the Simpsons discover that Lurleen Lumpkin is on the skids, Marge reluctantly agrees to take her in and help her find her deadbeat dad who abandoned her 30 years ago.

Bart tries to save the cow he raised for his 4-H club from the slaughterhouse, and in the process winds up getting accidentally engaged to one of Cletus's daughters.

Lisa's documentary about her family is accepted into the Sundance Film Festival. However, her family gets upset with her when they discover that the film is far from flattering.

Homer's mom dies, and as part of her will, she asks him to spread her ashes. However, her request turns out to be part of her final act of rebellion against the system.

In a parody of "All About Eve," Lisa stabs Krusty in the back, takes his job, and wins a prestigious award. Meanwhile, Homer and Bart take up coin collecting.

Homer and Ned go into business together as bounty hunters, and Marge takes a job at an erotic bakery.

Bart gets in trouble with Marge after she finds out that he has Denis Leary's cell phone and is using it to make prank phone calls.

Bart trades lives with his multi-millionaire lookalike, but discovers that his lookalike's life isn't all he thought it would be.

The Simpsons' 19th Halloween Special, with parodies of "Transformers," "Mad Men," and "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown."

The Simpsons take a Fourth of July vacation to a cabin hotel, which cause Homer and Marge to reminisce about two episodes from their past where they stayed in the cabin.

Homer gets a job breaking up couples, and Lisa becomes an expert crossword puzzle solver, but Homer bets against her in a competition.

Homer suspects that the family of Bart's new Muslim friend from Jordan is part of a terrorist plot, and Lisa becomes obsessed with her new MyPod.

Mr. Burns wins a professional basketball team in a poker game, and the new arena he plans to have Springfield build for the team threatens to interfere with Lisa's new bee sanctuary.

Lisa and her new best friend create their own fantasy world, but Marge doesn't want Lisa to see her friend anymore after she finds out that they're too far gone in it.

Homer finds out that he actually won the senior class president election, and he gets an opportunity to find out how his life would have been different if it had happened.

Bart and his fellow underachievers are taken on a "field trip" to Capital City so that they can miss the standardized test, and Homer makes sure that nothing bad happens until their insurance goes back into effect.

The Simpsons lose their house, but Flanders buys it and offers to rent it back to them. But when they turn out to be less-than-reliable renters, Flanders kicks them out.

In order to rescue Maggie from a Catholic orphanage, Lisa must solve a series of puzzles to reveal the identity of a gem that will bring peace to Springfield.

The Simpsons take Grandpa to Ireland so he can go back to visit a pub he went to during the war, but Grandpa and Homer get suckered into buying the bar.

Homer is kidnapped moments before he and Marge are supposed to re-renew their vows. However, Marge comes to the conclusion that Homer left her at the altar.

Moe begins dating a little person he met on the Internet, while Maggie is being bullied at the playground next to Moe's where Homer is leaving her.

Bart gets Milhouse to take the rap for a prank at school, and then blows him off when he falls for a cute 5th grade do-gooder, prompting Milhouse's wrath. Meanwhile, Lisa begins taking "happy pills" to improve her negative outlook.

Homer becomes a "helicopter parent" at Springfield Elementary by helping Bart finish a class project and helping Lisa become popular, and Marge finds a secret sauna in their house.

The Simpsons set up a fake residence in Waverly Hills so that Bart and Lisa can attend school there.

A series of parodies based on four strong women: Queen Elizabeth, Snow White, Lady MacBeth, and Ayn Rand.

Townspeople build a wall around Springfield to keep "immigrants" from Ogdenville from relocating to their town.

A Hollywood studio makes a movie based on Comic Book Guy's comic book character "Everyman," and Homer is cast in the lead. However, Homer's weight fluctuations cause problems for the production.

When Bart's prank gets Ms. Krabappel fired from Springfield Elementary School, he tries to make it up to her without letting her know that he was responsible.

Marge takes on the owner of an ultimate fighting league in the ring in order to get the sport banned in Springfield.

Lisa becomes livid with Miss Hoover, and in a series of homages to classic Hitchcock sets out for deadly revenge. Next, Krusty's latest fast-food sandwich transforms news anchor Kent Brockman into an enraged zombie and twenty-eight days later, cannibal zombies have overrun Springfield. In the final frightening fable, Homer accidentally falls through a trapdoor in Moe's tavern and impales himself on the pipes of Moe's microbrewery. Moe serves the barflies a glass of delicious beer flavored with Homer's blood and Homer, now half-man, half-brewing apparatus, returns for ...

Marge rediscovers her sexuality after appearing in a racy calendar, but Homer is too tired to respond to her advances because he is being worked to death by his new boss, Carl.

Bart meets the boy responsible for the greatest prank in Springfield Elementary School history, and discovers that he's now a 19-year-old loser. Meanwhile, Marge is scolded for providing unhealthy snacks for Maggie's play group.

Homer becomes an expert on moonshine when he starts hanging out with Cletus after he saves the Simpsons' lives, while Lisa becomes friends with three teenage Wiccans.

Bart becomes jealous of Maggie and Lisa's special bond as sisters, so he goes to an orphanage and "adopts" a little brother.

Homer becomes jealous when a syndicated newspaper columnist begins publishing Grandpa's stories, while Bart is assigned to take care of the class's stuffed sheep for the weekend.

The antagonism between Krusty and the new female co-star forced upon him soon turns to romance, while a headhunter encourages Homer, Lenny and Carl to take a job at another nuclear power plant.

Homer can't tell Marge he won the lottery because he was supposed to be giving a wedding toast when he bought the ticket. But Bart soon finds out where he's hiding the money and begins to blackmail him.

Homer and Marge become members of the U.S. Olympic curling team. At the games, Lisa becomes addicted to collecting pins, and Bart tries to save her.

While searching for an admirable ancestor for a class project, Lisa discovers the story of a relative named Eliza Simpson, who may or may not have helped a slave escape to freedom.

When Bart unsuccessfully tries to play Homer and Marge against each other, he comes up with a dangerous prank that is sure to get their attention.

Bart gets Springfield Elementary School in legal trouble when he kisses the enigmatic daughter of two lawyers, while Lisa is depressed about being ostracized because she is smart.

Ned takes the Simpsons on a pilgrimage to Israel in order to try and save Homer, but soon discovers that he may not be worth saving.

Mr Burns is sent to prison for art theft, where a scary inmate introduces him to religion. Meanwhile Smithers becomes the boss at the plant, and Bart and Lisa try to share an ant farm.

Homer and Chief Wiggum's new friendship is put to the test when the chief becomes needy after being shot, while Marge suspects that Bart may be dealing drugs.

After a violent storm, Lisa tries to rally the townspeople and come to the rescue of a beached whale.

Springfield covers the town with surveillance cameras after Homer creates a bomb scare at the train station. Meanwhile, Lisa considers becoming a brunette so that people will take her more seriously.

Homer, Apu and Reverend Lovejoy all suspect that Moe may have left with one of their wives after receiving a mysterious letter, but which one is it?

Bart is convinced that the Simpsons' new friendly, unassuming neighbor is actually Sideshow Bob in disguise, but will anyone believe him before it's too late?

Moe's gruff and abrasive personality makes him the perfect hyper-critical judge, and lands him a spot on American Idol. Meanwhile, Homer makes Marge uncomfortable when he starts spending more time at home with Moe's now closed.

While Homer and Bart accompany Krusty to Oslo so he can receive the Nobel Peace Prize, Marge enrolls Lisa for a week in performing arts camp.

Lisa uses the $50 she receives from Grandpa to give Nelson a microloan to jump-start his bicycle business, but soon comes to regret the decision.

Lisa takes over as manager of Bart's baseball team and uses statistical analysis to build a winner, but she takes all of the fun out of it and causes Bart to quit the team.

A Satanic board game causes other popular board games to come to life, Homer and Marge rescue a possible killer and let him on their boat, and a parody of "Twilight" where Lisa falls for a young vampire.

When Lisa discovers that Marge was also a model student, she tries to find out where everything changed so that she doesn't repeat her mistakes. Meanwhile, a series of chance accidents cause Bart to replace Nelson as school bully.

After Mr. Burns finds out that he is dying, he has an accident and loses his memory, and all the townspeople use the situation to get their revenge on him.

Bart adopts a carrier pigeon, but Santa's Little Helper eats it.

It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Springfield, but while Marge gets in the holiday spirit, it's bah humbug for the rest of the family. Disappointed that she is alone spreading the holiday cheer, Marge sends a letter to Martha Clause to help her save the family Christmas. Martha comes to the rescue and transforms the house into the North Pole chalet Marge has always dreamed of, but when the family is noticeably absent from the perfectly trimmed holiday home, she realizes that it's Homer and the kids who make the holidays special. Meanwhile, the Simpsons ...

Homer goes to prison after attempting to get out of a series of fines with a bribe, but agrees to a reduced sentence by informing on Fat Tony for the FBI.

After Bart discovers that he has the same hand scar as a fifth grader, Marge becomes inspired to reunite with a group of old friends from Bart's "Mommy and Me" class.

With Smithers' help, Moe renovates his bar to cater to the "regular" gay crowd, but refuses to tell the clientle that he's straight. Meanwhile, principal Skinner has a crush on the free-spirited new music teacher.

After taking parenting advice from a 1980s sitcom, Homer refuses to get Bart a new dirt bike, so Bart decides to sell nuclear secrets to the Chinese to get one.

After visiting a seminar to help boost his confidence around women, Moe employs Homer as his wing man only to find Homer has more luck with the ladies than he does, meanwhile Marge finds her first gray hair.

Bart's "Angry Dad" character gets his own movie. But when the movie starts winning awards, Bart gets angry because Homer tries to hog all the credit.

Lisa's school project leads to the discovery of a new drug that makes the elderly less cranky and more tolerable.

After Tommy Chong walks away from the Cheech & Chong reunion tour, Homer goes on the road as his replacement. Meanwhile, Marge tries to help the cat lady with her hoarding problem.

The tables are turned for Homer and Bart after a therapist cures Homer of his violent tendencies toward the boy.

The family is greeted by folk singer Ewell Freestone when they visit a peach farm, but when Marge goes overboard with peach-inspired dishes, Lisa and Bart try to get rid of the unwanted fruit. Later, Lisa becomes a magician's apprentice to the legendary Great Raymondo who helps her develop her craft, but a schoolgirl crush clouds her judgment when she is coaxed into revealing the Great Raymondo's most famous magic trick to his phony archnemesis. But when the rival magician's act takes a risky turn, the Great Raymondo has one last trick up his sleeve and stages ...

Selma falls in love with and marries Fat Tony, and Lisa discovers that Bart has a skill for finding truffles.

Homer opens his own salon after he discovers that he has skills as a hair stylist, and Lisa becomes suspicious after Millhouse gets a 5th grade girlfriend.

While Homer takes the Duff Blimp for a joyride, Lisa discovers a secret room in the basement of Sprinfield Elementary School.

When Krabbapple gets suspended and put into detention after hurting Bart, Bart tries to break her out, but it ends that Flanders is the one that saves her life. But soon, Ned figures out that Edna has also dated other men such as Homer, Skinner Comic Book Guy and Aerosmith drummer Joey Kramer.

Homer tries to befriend the new security guard at the nuclear power plant, who for some unknown reason isn't interested and keeps having flashbacks to his violent past as a government agent.

Superintendant Chalmers gets fired after using unconventional methods to teach Bart and his friends about Teddy Roosevelt, so the boys take over Springfield Elementary until he gets his old job back.

Homer takes a dangerous dive into an isolated canyon on Candy Peak, but when a crashing boulder traps his arm, he channels Aron Ralston to save himself. In "The Diving Bell and Butterball," the first of three hair-raising Halloween tales, a venomous spider bite leaves Homer paralyzed, but when Lisa discovers Homer's ability to communicate through natural gases, he is able to express his love for Marge. The killer spells continue in "Dial D for Diddly," when Ned Flanders, devout preacher by day, transforms into a cold-blooded vigilante by night. In the final terrifying...

Homer is betrayed by his new assistant at work and winds up working for her, and Bart and Martin create a science project that brings joy to the seniors at the Springfield Retirement Castle.

Homer is worried that he is no longer the cool parent after Marge becomes a foodie with Bart and Lisa.

Homer and Bart put together a team to author the next successful tween novel franchise and make a million dollars, but discover that they need Lisa's help to pull it off.

Homer gets promoted to accounts manager at the nuclear power plant, but soon learns the job robs you of your soul. Meanwhile, Lisa introduces Bart to "Little Women."

Krusty the Clown is stuck in a rut when the television network pulls his show from the air and his talent agency drops him as a client. But when the Simpsons introduce him to seasoned agent Annie, they are surprised to learn that Annie was Krusty's very first agent. Despite their rocky relationship, Annie is convinced to re-sign Krusty and craft his career comeback. But when Krusty's retro comedy show reboot is deemed a critical success, Krusty must decide to stay with his agent or side with the network executives.

It's the most wonderful time of the year, and the Simpsons flash forward thirty years and find themselves in a tech-savvy, futuristic Springfield. Bart and Lisa have children of their own and decide to spend the holidays as one big family at Homer and Marge's house. Lisa and Bart turn to Homer and Marge for parenting advice and begin to realize that the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.

Homer becomes the host of a popular political talk show, starts an "everyman" movement in Springfield, and ends up hand-picking Ted Nugent as the Republican nominee for president.

Lisa creates an online social network that becomes a Springfield obsession, but later becomes a victim of user backlash.

While Bart tries to regain Milhouse's friendship, Moe's bar cleaning rag tells his unlikely story of how he got to where he is today.

Lisa falls for an adventurous, Hemingway-esque young boy, while Bart and Millhouse set out to bust all the myths that surround Springfield Elementary School.

The entire town votes to kick the Simpsons out of Springfield, so they decide to move to "The Outlands."

Bart becomes an urban vandal and decides to use Homer as his inspiration, while Apu hits hard times when a new trendy market takes all the Kwik-E-Mart customers.

Homer pays for challenging karma by becoming a bed-wetter, and the family must break into Homer's dreams Inception (2010)-style to root out the source of the problem.

Mr. Burns replaces all of the nuclear plant employees with robots--except for Homer, who stays along to supervise the robots and serve as a human scapegoat.

Jimbo's girlfriend cheats on Jimbo with Bart, and Homer uses his new treadmill to catch up on a TV series about plane crash victims stranded on an island.

Bart gets the family to take the cruise vacation of his dreams, and then launches a fiendish plot to ensure that it goes on forever.

Homer uses his paid sick leave to improve his marriage, with the help of his imaginary friend, super-spy Stradivarius Cain. Meanwhile, Bart gets revenge on Nelson for stealing everyone's lunch money.

After Ned and Edna announce publicly that they were secretly married, the two clash over how to raise Rod and Todd.

After a desperate attempt by Lisa to become more popular backfires, Lady Gaga shows up in Springfield to help her with her self-esteem.

The Simpsons go back to New York City so that Bart can find his old girlfriend Mary Spuckler. Meanwhile, Lisa and Marge spend the trip trying to take in New York culture on the cheap.

A black hole threatens to swallow Springfield, Homer tries to find the source of paranormal activity, and a "Back to the Future" parody in which Bart keeps Marge from marrying Homer.

Marge decides that she wants another baby, but Homer doesn't want one. Meanwhile, Bart tries to figure out where Lisa is secretly going after school.

Homer invests Lisa's college fund on an online poker site. Meanwhile Abe disappears from the Springfield Retirement Castle.

Fat Tony has to serve jury duty, and his clerk, Dan, must run the mafia while he's gone. Meanwhile, Lisa considers making a disgusting change to her diet.

Homer becomes addicted to his new tablet computer. But when it is destroyed Homer becomes despondent, until he finds and provides hope for Springfield in the most unlikely place.

Homer befriends a hipster and invites his family to move in next door. However, their friendship soon sours as Springfield is transformed into a haven for "coolness."

When Homer shows no remorse over almost losing Santa's Little Helper, Grandpa tells everyone the story of Homer's childhood dog.

Homer joins the "Springfield Preppers," an off-the-grid survivalist group whose leader has set up a top-secret retreat outside of town to prepare for the end of the world.

The fate of Springfield Elementary rests on Bart and his test scores, and Homer finds way to make money with his own parking meter.

Homer and Marge find the perfect young couple and ask them to be the guardians for the kids in case something happens to them.

Mary Spuckler returns to Springfield and begins a relationship with Bart. However, Bart treats her with disrespect.

Bart poses Millhouse as his father so that they can do adult activities, and Homer becomes skilled at finding lost objects thanks to Highlights magazine.

Homer's obsession with the TV show "Storage Battles" leads the family to discover Grampa's past identity as "Gorgeous Godfrey," the most feared, villainous man in pro-wrestling history

Ned gets fed up with Homer and punches him in the eye, and Lisa is a bullying victim from her new substitute teacher.

When Bart is accused of a prank he says he didn't commit, Lisa is forced to defend him in youth court, with former attorney general Janet Reno serving as judge.

Homer contemplates his next move after getting in the doghouse with Marge, while Millhouse's new Stanley Kowalski-inspired persona makes him suddenly attractive to Lisa.

Springfield gets a bedbug scare, the new assistant pastor at church appoints Homer as a deacon, and Marge loses her wedding dress.

A new makeover could put Moe in a position to make big money, Bart fails at his job of taking care of Grandpa, and Lisa fights the shameless exploitation of Bleeding Gums Murphy's likeness.

Bart takes piano lessons from a cute Russian girl, Marge tries to teach the girl's father how to drive, and Homer loses the last of his hair.

Homer, Moe, Lenny and Carl win the lottery, but Carl steals the ticket and leaves with the money for Iceland.

When Marge tries to buy Homer snack cakes for their anniversary, she winds up meeting a married man who shares a common love of British television.

Homer returns from a nuclear power convention a changed man, and Lisa begins to suspect that he has become a domestic terrorist.

The scariest Simpsons Halloween show yet, featuring an opening by Guillermo Del Toro.

While attending a funeral, Homer, Marge, Mr. Burns, and Kent Brockman recall a past regret and try to find a way to rectify the situation.

Homer is stunned to learn he'll only live once. A pen pal from his youth helps him live that life to its fullest. Meanwhile Springfield Elementary institutes an honor code.

Homer helps take care of a child that he delivered in an elevator, and Lisa tries to organize the Springfield Atoms cheerleaders against the team's greedy owner.

Lisa is distressed when she discovers that her new friend is a Republican, and they wind up running against each other as Springfield Elementary's second grade representative.

Principal Skinner promises the students that the best-behaved can take a ride in a submarine. Bart believes his past indiscretions will be forgotten. Lisa tries to help Krusty by suggesting him to sell the foreign rights to his shows.

When a sudden tourist spike means that the family cannot afford Christmas, the Simpsons open up their house to boarders.

Fed up with the high price of Hollywood films, Homer begins screening pirated movies in his backyard, but is busted by the FBI after Marge turns him in.

Comic Book Guy seeks romantic advice from Homer when he falls for a Japanese woman who's interested in manga.

Mr. Burns' Christmas present to his employees, a pair of augmented reality glasses, places a strain on Homer and Marge's relationship. Meanwhile, Bart wrestles with giving a Valentine's Day card to Nelson.

Bart becomes friends with a schoolmate who enjoys falconry, but turns out to be mentally disturbed.

Lisa becomes friends with Sideshow Bob, who now has a new job working with genetically-altered foods. Meanwhile, Marge becomes frustrated teaching abstinence for the church.

When Abe and two of his friends move in with the Simpsons after the Springfield Retirement Castle closes, Homer begins to embrace their lifestyle. Meanwhile, Nelson initiates Bart into the bully group after coming to his defense.

The friendship between the Simpsons and the Van Houtens is challenged when a painting the Simpsons buy from the Van Houtens' yard sale is discovered to be extremely valuable.

Homer becomes a referee for the World Cup and finds himself tested by bribers when the Simpsons travel to Brazil.

Marge becomes worried when Lisa starts dating a competitive eater-in-training, while Bart receives gifts from Snake Jailbird for helping him out.

Thirty years into the future, Bart is having trouble dealing with his divorce, Lisa is struggling with her marriage to Milhouse, and Marge is finally fed up after burying yet another Homer clone.

Bart becomes a savior to Springfield couples trying to conceive when he inadvertently uses voodoo to get his art teacher pregnant.

The Lego version of Homer begins to suspect that his entire Lego world is not real when a toy triggers a flashback to an alternate reality.

When Homer ruins his and Marge's chances of making a new couple friend, Marge decides to concentrate on finding a friend for Lisa. However, Lisa suddenly makes a new friend on her own.

Bart wins the annual "last day of school" race - with a little help from Nelson - and Homer attempts to bring back 4th of July fireworks, which have been canceled due to low budget cuts.

Krusty has a crisis of conscience and retires from show business after his father dies before ever approving of his career. Meanwhile, Lisa becomes worried about Homer's health and life expectancy.

Homer and Bart turn to the open seas to improve their relationship, and Marge becomes a trash talking victim after she drafts Homer's fantasy football team.

Marge opens a sandwich franchise store after her sandwiches become a huge hit at Springfield Elementary. But running day-to-day at the store proves challenging, especially when the same franchise opens another location across the street.

The 25th annual 'Simpsons' Halloween special includes an alternate dimension, a "Clockwork Orange"-style gang led by Moe and a visit from the Tracey Ullman-era Simpsons.

An Assemblywoman brought in by Lisa to stop Mr. Burns' fracking operation ends up falling for him as much as he does for her.

The Simpsons meet the Planet Express crew, who have come to Springfield in the present to stop them from destroying the future.

Bart tricks his family into a camping trip at a strange event known as "Blazing Guy" so that he can get revenge on his sadistic new fourth grade teacher.

Homer forms a cover band with other dads in town when he takes up bass guitar to deal with a mid-life crisis, but the band's modest success is soon overwhelmed by Apu's breakout potential.

Marge kicks Homer out of the house for Christmas after he consoles Moe on Christmas Eve instead of going home.

An amusement park ride takes the Simpsons to the home planet of Kang and Kodos.

Homer is hypnotized into believing he's ten years old and ends up stuck in his new age when the hypnotist dies, so he bonds with Bart and refuses to take back the responsibilities of adulthood.

Inventor Elon Musk comes to Springfield, and Homer inspires him with a new idea that could revolutionize Springfield, but winds up costing Mr. Burns a ton of money.

Marge tries to get Homer to lose weight. But instead, he finds a support group that encourages him to embrace his largeness.

Marge gets a job as a driver for a transportation app service, while Moe is forced to work as a janitor at the nuclear plant after Homer causes the bar to go bankrupt.

Moe falls in love with a Nigerian princess whose father is working out a uranium deal with Mr. Burns.

The congregation, led by Marge, is forced to resort to gambling in order to collect money to fix the church, which Chief Wiggum destroyed with a jet pack he received by mistake.

After "Duffman" retires, Homer wins a reality competition to become his replacement. But his contract states that he cannot drink beer, which gives him a new perspective on alcohol.

Marge decides to follow Bart everywhere until he confesses to being involved in a bulldozer crash. Meanwhile, Homer ignores Santa's Little Helper when Ned gets a new dog.

The story of Bart and Lisa's rivalry is told when Homer finds an old film strip.

Bart takes up smoking to impress Milhouse's cousin Annika while the rest of the family learns about Grampa's days in the Air Force.

Marge convinces Springfield to pass an anti-bullying law when Bart gets bullied in dance school. Homer gets arrested for breaking that law by bullying Flanders.

Groundskeeper Willie becomes the coach of the mathletes, Lisa and other kids from Springfield Elementary compete against Waverly Hills Elementary.

Marge decides it's finally time to separate from Homer, and quickly moves on with her life. Homer is initially devastated, but soon stumbles into a romance with a younger woman.

Patty and Selma try to quit smoking, but Patty moves in with the Simpsons when Selma takes it up again. Meanwhile, Maggie goes on an adventure with some local creatures.

A celebrity television chef challenges Homer to a barbecue cook-off. But before the competition, Homer's new, prized barbecue grill is stolen.

The Simpsons are proud to be the most festively decorated house on the block. But when Lisa is traumatized at Krustyland Horror Night, she feels she cannot handle Halloween anymore.

After killing Bart, Sideshow Bob doesn't know what to do with himself; Homer wakes up with short-term memory loss; Because of radiation, Lisa, Bart and Milhouse gain super-powers.

Lisa makes a new friend at school - Harper, who happens to be super-rich, while Homer makes friends with Harper's dad and sets out to continue living the good life when Lisa decides to end the friendship.

Broadway legend Laney Fontaine transforms Lisa into a show-biz kid after Homer loses her chance at band camp.

Lisa tries to restore the reputation of a forgotten Springfield female inventor, while Bart takes full advantage of a diagnosis that he is a sociopath.

A tale of Bart's journey from youth to adulthood, where he is constantly in search of approval from his father and in the shadow of his more-successful younger sister.

When Homer loses his job due to Marge's social media post, he begins working as a dishwasher at a Greek restaurant. Meanwhile, Lisa creates an app that can predict the effect any post on social media will have.

Bart and Principal Skinner battle over the affection of Bart's new teacher, and a new milk-based product that Homer buys from the Kwik-E-Mart causes big changes in Bart and Lisa.

Apu's nephew makes big changes when he takes over the Kwik-E-Mart business, and Bart decides that he's through with being bad after his latest prank spirals out of control.

Professor Frink's new invention turns him into a ladies' man, while a new pill at the Springfield Retirement Castle causes Grandpa to hallucinate back to his happiest moments.

Lisa tries to launch the career of a homeless Appalachian folk singer, but Bart warns her that she will just let her down. Meanwhile, Homer tries to rescue the cat, who is trapped in the walls of the house.

Lisa takes a job as veterinarian's assistant, but soon lets the responsibilities of the job get to her head. Meanwhile, Marge decides to take a job as a crime scene cleaner.

Lisa signs up for an opportunity to be part of a mission to colonize Mars in ten years, and Homer's strategy to use reverse psychology to talk her out of it backfires.

Homer tries to raise Smithers' spirits by finding him a man, and Lisa gets the lead in the school production of "Casablanca" alongside a new male student, sparking Millhouse's jealousy.

After Lisa overhears Marge say that she doesn't like Lisa's jazz music, Marge takes Lisa on a trip to Capitol City to regain her friendship. Meanwhile, Bart uses Maggie as his new partner in crime for his practical jokes.

Maggie will not go to sleep, so Homer tells her a bedtime story about when the Simpsons and the Flanders went together to the Grand Canyon.

After promising Marge the trip of a lifetime, Homer makes a deal with a travel agent to be a courier of a top-secret briefcase in exchange for a discounted family vacation to Paris.

While trying to overcome a fear of public speaking, Homer creates an improv comedy troupe. Meanwhile, Marge rebuilds Bart's treehouse, but gets no thanks from him. Homer later appears live to answer phoned in questions.

Marge lets Bart go to the park alone because he's too irritating, then she ends up getting arrested for leaving him unsupervised.
